This is America.
Our fires burn bright,
especially in the trash barrels that keep people warm,
or after a riot because there's no jobs.
America is hurting.
We're at each other's throats.
Wondering if this country can ever come back from the abyss,
while bankers loot the coffers.
The thing about steel,
it's hot and cold at the same time,
like a woman...
or lady happiness.
We made the problems and we're solving them together.
Because we're in this together,
which is why it's only right you're paying for the mistakes we made...
together.
Subpar cars and overly entitled executives,
together,
we're holding on to the dream.
That dream is luxury,
and a gas guzzling luxury car.
Created in a nation that's 95% condemned.
We haven't forgotten what America wants,
a honk of overpriced shit that goes fast
and gets you vapid pussy!
Bravado,
United we stand,
together we fall.